https://write.as/z956laio0tfe6.md
GOLDEN PHARAOH

Pharaoh's rule was long and just. As he bid farewell to this world, he hoped more than anything that someone would inherit his Sacred Regalia and continue to guard Egypt in his place. He summoned his retinue and left them the Temporal Tome and the secret to producing a Sacred Regalia. Pharaoh, in all his wisdom, also foretold of the following prophecy: "Only the one who passes the trial of the ages and has a heart of justice can wear my Sacred Regalia and become the next guardian." 

After the Pharaoh left this world, the temple he was buried in sunk deep beneath the ground. The Pharaoh's followers then scattered to all corners of the world to quietly await the coming of the new guardian. 

The new guardian completed the trial and was reborn during a celebration of flames. One of the participants happened to be a descendant of one of the Pharaoh's retainers. He made this Sacred Regalia and gifted it to the prophesized one who passed the trial.



BLOOD RAVEN

The Blood Raven is the destroyer of evil and protector of the weak. An ordinary human, the Blood Raven dons the suit to fight injustice and crimes to help those in need.



POSEIDON

The sea did not fully wipe out Atlantis. The people of Atlantis already possessed the technology to build ships and machines before the great flood. Some denizens of Atlantis fled to higher ground while others tried adapting to life in the sea.
They called themselves Children of the Sea.

Under the guidance of their leader, they marched toward the bottom of the ocean, and were able to restore some of their civilization. The leader was given the title of the Poseidon.



AVALANCHE

Avalanche is a collective body of heroes and warriors from another universe and dimension.

In that world, Avalanche's civilization
was invaded by a powerful force. This force extracted the energy of the star where Avalanche's civilization was located, transforming the world into a land of bitter cold.

To adapt to the new environment, the civilization developed a low-
temperature armor system to counter this force.

This war that had continued for centuries finally reached a critical moment. Avalanche destroyed the enemy's core, yet this legendary warrior and the team members nearby disappeared in the explosion.

The distortion in space caused by the explosion sent Avalanche and the team, as well as their enemies, to the world of PUBG MOBILE. To make matters worse, their enemies arrived before them.

Faced with a new environment, Avalanche immediately realized that they must protect this world from their enemies to have a chance of returning home. Thus, Avalanche and the team began planning for combat once again...



SILVANUS

Due to mass deforestation, volcanic eruptions, and flooding, deserts formed and began to spread.

When the natural ecology began to show signs of deterioration, Silvanus was born in the wilderness.

He combatted the desertification of the land by doing the smallest of things, such as protecting seedlings, protecting the cubs of beasts, cleaning up silted rivers, and greening the land. Over time, the land was revitalized. The creatures of the forest voluntarily became Silvanus' followers and offered him a bejeweled jade crown.

When his life came to an end, he forged the Silvanus Armor out of the fibers of his being and summoned warriors from around the world.

These warriors would be tested by endless challenges and trials after entering the forest, and the noblest and most capable of them would be selected. The finest one of them all would inherit and assume Silvanus' mantle.

Silvanus and his predecessors have guarded nature dutifully from generation to generation up till now.



IRIDESCENCE

The stability of the kingdom was shaken after the Pharaoh fell into a deep sleep.

Iridescence stepped forward and crowned herself as the new ruler, who would rule the kingdom in the Pharaoh's stead.

Like an expert conductor, she directed the various elements of the kingdom as if crafting a symphony with her own hands.

The country became prosperous under her rule.

The only thing that made Iridescence feel threatened was the rumors of the Pharaoh's imminent return.

Iridescence was not afraid to compete with the Pharaoh, for she would not go down without a fight. She was the one who saved the country at its critical hour, and she saw no reason to relinquish her power.

This era belonged to Iridescence, and it had best remain that way. 

Iridescence only shows mercy to the weak. Only the strongest enemies can bring out her true ferocity and reveal the terrifying power of her soul.